fix: Improve AWS credentials error message and local profile docs (#4708)
cloudquery/cloudquery: plugins/source/aws/docs/configuration.md

- `local_profile` (string) (default: will use current credentials)

  [Local profile](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-profiles.html) to use to authenticate this account with.

>   Please note this is the name of the profile, for example with the following credentials file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Please note this should be set to the name of the profile. For example, with the following credentials file:
```
